hi I'm Miriam from BBC good food and
welcome to Friday night cocktails I
think we all need cheering up perhaps at
the end of the week so I'm gonna be
making a mojito and we can also do like
a non-alcoholic version as well now I'm
using fresh lime but if you can't get to
it then the stuff in a bottle is fine
I'm gonna use the juice of half a lime
this if I was making a bigger patch I
might use lime pieces and crush those
with the sugar a bit like when you make
a copra here but for one this is really
easy juice half a lime so that I'm gonna
add some sugar I'm using a teaspoon of
castor sugar again I couldn't get
granulated but cast is fine or you could
use honey that's really nice in these
next thing I need is some mint I'm going
to use a few leaves I like to muddle the
mint together with the lime juice but
some people like to just put it in and
just clap it in just allow the the
flavors to be a bit more subtle so there
we go we've got lime juice and sugar and
then next thing they need is a nice
in a nice tall grass that's a good one
for this so there you go a couple of
boys and then my mixing stain you can
use and all we need to do now is add
some soda any sparkling water is fine
and garnished with an another sprig of
mint so that's on the heat though
and then anyone not drinking I'm doing a
mocktail version and that's got
pomegranate in it so what I did was I
put a few pomegranate and seeds into an
ice cube tray and set that overnight I
think that looks really nice and it
makes it a bit special so there's no
alcohol in there still specials they go
my glass and then just as before I'm
going to use some lime juice just about
half a lime and I've sliced a bit before
garnish as well so that goes in
and a few human leaves I'm not gonna add
sugar to this one because I'm gonna put
some pomegranate juice and I think
that'd be sweet enough and if you want
it sweeter
you could have top this up with lemonade
if you prefer I'm going to use soda
water again so good few mint leaves just
muddle that a little bit release a bit
of that and flavor and I'm gonna chop it
up a little bit of pomegranate juice
[Music]
halfway and then absence owned any fizzy
water and all I could use lemonade mix
around and I'm gonna garnish this one
gonna garnish this awesome little
passages timeline so yeah I'm heating
and a pomegranate mock sale Cheers
happy Friday
[Music]